chore: prepare version 2.1.2 (#203)
desmos-labs/dpm: CHANGELOG.md

> # Version 2.1.2
> ## Features
> - New transaction list UI;
> - New transaction detail UI.
> 
> ## Bug fixes
> - Fixed a bug that cause the home to reload the transaction list after showing the detail of a transaction;
> - Fixed a bug that prevent the user to write their mnemonic.

Reviewer: Since we're changing UI it's better to use `v2.2.0` instead

```suggestion
# Version 2.2.0
## Features
- New transaction list UI
- New transaction details UI

## Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug that caused the home to reload the transaction list after showing the detail of a transaction
- Fixed a bug that prevented the user to write their mnemonic
```
